[singing in Japanese]
[narrator] Believing
that they were under attack
from the dreaded
Kings of Terror,
our heroes made
a desperate escape,
only to discover
that the feared witches
were none other than Grandis,
Hanson, and Sanson
in an elaborate disguise.
Reunited in the unfamiliar
surroundings
of the strange islands,
they set about creating as
comfortable a home as possible,
but soon discover that
problems arise
even among the best of
friends,
and this group was never
that friendly to begin with.
What new challenges await?
Will Jean and Nadia ever
acknowledge their feelings for
each other?
Or will Nadia's attempt
at cooking kill them?
And what secrets
have yet to be uncovered?
Will our heroes solve
the greatest of all mysteries?
[dramatic music playing]
[insects chirping]
[Grandis] Don't go!
No, please, please, no!
Oh, it was just a dream.
-What's the matter?
-[gasps]
I am so sorry,
did I just wake you up?
Were you having a nightmare?
Yes, I was.
I was having
another dream about him.
I've gone from being
the loveliest young lady in
the region
to the unluckiest
woman in the world.
I could say the very same thing
about myself, I think.
Your situation is
much better than mine.
Jean is a wonderful
boyfriend for you.
I know that but--
You get to see him
every single morning.
You've grown used to it but
that is a most wonderful thing.
My situation is different,
which should be quite evident
to anyone who lays eyes on me
these days.
I fell in love with someone I
should never have loved, Nadia.
I'm afraid the heart
is not always kind to us.
But how can I love Jean
if I don't want him to be
around me all of the time?
That's because of
the circumstances, see,
one day you are going to
want him right by your side.
But when that day comes,
he may not necessarily be able
to be there for you.
You have no reason
to worry, Ms. Grandis,
you have all of the men on this
island at your beck and call.
What are you doing?
I had my eye on
it before you did!
You know
I always get the last one.
You've eaten enough already!
I caught the fish so
I should get to eat them, too!
Yeah, well, I made the fishing
rod you caught them with,
and I also built the stove
they were cooked over!
-Oh, really?
-Yeah!
Are these the men
you were just speaking so
glowingly about, Nadia?
Mm.
Well,
I suppose my fate is sealed.
[Ayerton]
Au contraire, Mademoiselle.
You see, there are two
kinds of people in this world,
good ones and bad ones.
Would you care
for a lovely spot of tea?
Hmm?
So what kind of person am I?
-Please, allow me.
-[gasps]
Hmm.
I had no idea that you knew
how to read palms.
Well, I can't really but...
But, go on, but what?
It is very well-documented
that luck can change
for certain
special people... [chuckles]
but it depends completely
on the men around them. Huh.
What a load of nonsense!
Men have nothing to do with it!
[Nadia sighs]
I don't understand them.
What's happened now?
Well, they're always getting
extremely upset
over the most
trivial things.
-Everyone's like that, Nadia.
-[sighs]
I never acted like that.
We do what
we have to in order to survive.
-You really think so?
-Man cannot live alone,
there are obstacles
they must overcome...
Yes. But--
in order to form societies.
It's as natural
as anything else.
In fact... [makes sound]
Jean.
Hmm?
Do you use
that toothbrush every morning?
Why do you ask?
Because it's the one I use
every morning, too.
[humming]
I need to vacuum
there if you don't mind.
[groaning]
Hmph. That hurt!
That will teach you to trespass,
you stupid oaf!
And just
who claimed that land for you?
It was claimed a long time ago.
You better tell me what time,
what day, what month,
and what year!
Nine hundred ninety-nine
trillion
nine hundred
ninety-nine billion,
nine hundred ninety-nine
million,
nine hundred
ninety-nine thousand years
before you were even born!
Just how did you get
the dinosaurs
to settle it for you, huh?
I settled it all by myself.
Ah, then that's exactly
how you should live!
-[laughs]
-Quiet!
This is
an intractable border now,
do not cross it!
But what if I fly over it?
My border reaches the sky!
[screams]
[machine whirring]
It's beyond me,
why do those two insist
on acting that way?
Are they fighting again?
They fight constantly
like ill-bred children.
How very childish of them.
Is there anything you can do
to stop them, Ms. Grandis?
[Grandis] Oh.
I have the worst luck with men.
Oh, Nemo.
[singing in Spanish]
[sighs] If you would
only tell me where you are,
I would run
gaily into your arms.
[purring]
Huh?
[King screaming]
Wow. King's really
full of energy today.
[screaming]
He must be
happy about something.
-[Jean] Nadia.
-Hmm?
You should come
over here for a minute.
The spot is so warm
you won't need firewood.
That's all right.
I don't wanna get burned again.
Oh, dear. Is that Ms. Grandis?
I wonder what she's doing there.
[Nadia] Don't spy on her.
She's throwing bottled messages
into the ocean.
Huh? She's given
that man all her heart.
Huh?
You're so insensitive. You'll
never understand a woman's soul.
How can you expect me to?
I am a boy after all.
At least you could
give it a try, couldn't you?
Hmm. [crunches]
Oh, delicious.
Don't nibble now
or you'll spoil your dinner.
I'm not going
to spoil my dinner.
I wanna see what it tastes like.
Well, can I assume you like
what you taste?
[squeals] I like it a lot!
It's almost like you're
a real-life chef or something.
I am most honored
by your enthusiastic praise,
my dear lady.
-I am flattered.
-[giggles]
Um, are you really a rich
nobleman, Mr. Ayerton, really?
Of course.
It seems hard to believe that
a man with a bunch of servants
would learn to
cook like you can.
Well, my upbringing taught me
what delicious meals taste like.
I partook of so many
wondrous meals
when I was living
in England.
Their opulent tastes
still linger on my tongue
as I constantly cook
to replicate the encounter.
-Hmm.
-Ah.
I will make
a promise to you, my dear.
Ah, are you ready then?
When you grow up and
become a beautiful young woman,
I will escort you to
an exquisite dinner
fit for a princess, Marie.
-Huh?
-[King screaming]
-[Ayerton] King?
-[Marie] King!
It looks like you caught a crab.
Did you do decide to do
some fishing, silly boy?
[King groaning]
What luck, it looks like
I'll be able to prepare
some crab
salad after all, Marie.
You've been a very good boy.
Everyone, this is an English
luncheon I have prepared
with great skill.
So I kindly implore you
to enjoy it to the fullest.
Why isn't anyone
eating? It's really good.
-Oh, well, why not?
-Stop mimicking me.
[both grunting]
[both shouting]
I can't put up with this
nonsense any longer, Hanson!
And I'm sick to death
of the sight of you, Sanson.
-Let's fight a duel.
Wait a minute, you two.
Don't get so upset.
We can't have any violence here.
I have an idea. A race.
-Race him?
Right. That's how it's been
done
throughout the annals of
history.
Warring nations settled
their differences
through sporting events.
They each sent representatives
to run a race.
That's how
the Olympics were started.
However, in England,
horse racing is the choice sport
of kings.
Of course, on this island,
we are somewhat limited
in our choice
of suitable animals.
[purring]
Added to which, there's
only one of them to race.
And only a lion can beat a lion.
So Hanson will have to build
his own King to enter the race.
Now, just hold it right there.
Why am I the one
who has to build a lion?
So that we can achieve
a proper balance here.
-Proper balance?
-Right.
See, you will use your strength
to train King,
and Hanson will use his
scientific knowledge
to construct a mechanical King.
And then we'll all get to
watch them fight it out.
-Oh, I get it now.
So you both must stop fighting
in front of the children.
Yes, yes.
We must teach them that there's
always a peaceful way
to settle
an argument, isn't that right?
[birds chirping]
[Marie]
Good morning, Nadia.
Huh?
What are you drinking?
Oh, just a little milk.
Really?
[goat bleating]
Where did
you find this, around here?
I found it wandering
around in the woods,
but don't you tell anyone.
[sighs] Why can't I tell?
Because the others will eat her
if they find her here.
They'd eat her?
Yes. Because that's the way
they always are.
Not always.
I don't think they'd wanna kill
the goat because if they did,
they wouldn't
get to drink her milk.
[gasps]
Do you really
believe they'd let it live?
[Jean]
Hey, what are you two doing?
See, he's looking for some food.
Wow. I've never seen that goat--
It's not here for you
to roast up and eat, Jean.
Did you catch
that all by yourself?
I didn't have to
catch it as you put it.
We're good friends, right?
[goat bleats]
Hah.
Nadia, really?
I will never, ever forgive you
if you try to eat it, Jean.
That's amazing!
So, you really can communicate
with animals, huh?
[sighs] Well, it's just
something
I've learned to do
over time.
It first happened when
I was four or five years old.
I was in the back
of a circus wagon,
traveling to
another performance.
-[bellowing]
-Huh?
[gasps]
[Nadia] I saw my
friend Smokey taken away.
It was because they thought
he was too old to work.
-[distant mooing]
-[gasps]
[Nadia] He cried all the way
begging them not to kill him.
[gasps]
But there was nothing I could do
for my friend.
And since that day,
I can understand
what animals say.
I had no idea.
So, that's why
you don't eat meat like we do?
For everyone else, they're
just another source of food.
But to me, it's like watching
the murder of a friend.
Oh, I'm so sorry for you.
It doesn't mean
the same to you
if you can't
hear what they tell you.
[Sanson] Up and at 'em, King.
I know you can
hear me. Strike, King!
Strike! Show me
your jungle spirit, King.
King. Get up, King!
As the almighty is my witness,
I will awaken your savage blood!
Start by sprinting
100 meters now, go!
[purring, snoring]
If you don't get up soon,
you're gonna make me
spiral down in disgrace!
Wake your furry bottom up now!
Lap the island 20 times!
[King purring, snoring]
[dramatic music playing]
[sobbing]
Please. I'm begging
you on my knees, King.
Please, please, please, please,
please run for me, King!
[crying]
-[machine whirring]
-[sighs]
You know, I must
be a certified genius
to have created this prototype
in just one night.
[click, whirring aggressively]
This is so fast even the real
king of the jungle
won't be able to beat it.
Now, all I have to do is
cover it with a proper hide
and its main color
should be Italian red!
Hmm.
[exhales]
[Ayerton]
Is there something the matter?
Hmm.
I hope you're not feeling ill.
I'm afraid, I have something
hanging heavily on my heart
and that is why I cannot seem
to engage with you--
I dare say it's
not something...
Huh?
but someone that's troubling
that delicate heart of yours.
[gasps]
Am I right, my lady?
[gasps] I've been chasing
after my one true love
for lo these many months.
I've been living for love
but now it's gone.
Ah, yes. Love.
But you must find
true love for yourself
for it will not come to you
spontaneously on its own.
I've heard you say it
many times before myself.
Only we can
determine our fortune.
-Hmm.
-Hmm. [gasps]
[romantic music playing]
[sighs]
Hi there, King.
[King chattering]
[King yawns]
[Sanson] Please!
I'm begging you on my knees!
To be perfectly honest,
I don't know how to build
a robotic version of King.
Oh, don't worry
about that. See? Ta-da!
I took the liberty of stealing
these from Hanson
when he was napping.
[chuckles]
You really
shouldn't have done that.
Hmm.
I'm surprised that he hasn't
discovered this design flaw yet.
There's a design flaw?
The external power source will
degrade the robot's performance.
Do you think you can fix that?
I suppose that a small battery
would give it enough power.
Then you can build one?
Sure! No problem.
Well, that means
I'm going to be the winner!
But wait just a second.
You don't want to
win unfairly, do you?
Well, why not?
I don't play that way.
Oh, but you want to help me
because I'm
your best friend in the world.
I will help you
if you promise me that you'll
give a battery to Hanson.
This must be a fair contest.
Hmm.
[groans]
[robot groaning]
I'll never be able to beat him
with this crummy thing!
Drat! Ow! [growls]
[footsteps fading]
Hmm. Just what are these things?
Small batteries!
This will allow my King to
beat the fur off the real King.
[chuckling]
[metal rattling]
[Sanson]
I delivered the package.
What's that? You did?
It's almost done. See?
That looks like a robot
that could win a race.
I powered the joints
so it will move more smoothly.
Can't you tell?
But it needs an outer skin.
Yes! And we're going
to paint it black.
Black?
We have to since
Hans is painting his red
and we'll put a horn on it.
But if we do that,
it will weigh it down, Sanson.
But it will also
make it look meaner.
Yes. I will be the victor!
[laughter]
Men are just impossible.
Why do you say that?
There are so
many things to be done
and all they do is
play their silly games.
[ground rumbling]
[intense music playing]
How could you do this, Jean?
You helped Sanson,
but you didn't help me.
[Jean chuckles]
Ha-ha-ha!
I am going to win!
You only wish!
I wonder
which one of them will win.
Well, if you want
my humble opinion,
neither one of them
will win anything at all today.
Neither of them?
Each one of them
used the same design,
so one will not
outperform the other. You see?
Make them go
around the island once
and the first one to
cross the line is the winner.
Now--
My King is
destined to be the winner!
My King is going to leave yours
in the dust!
Well, we'll just see about that
when the race is done!
We'll see I'm right!
[Grandis]
Listen to me both of you.
-Huh?
You must stop this fighting
once the race is over.
-Well, that goes without saying!
[click]
[robots whirring]
[King chitters]
-Ready, set!
-[robots whirring]
[Sanson growls]
[King chitters]
And go!
[robots whirring aggressively]
[upbeat music playing]
-[King chitters]
-Go!
Go!
-[King chitters]
-Come back!
It's too late for you
to enter the race, lion!
[robots whirring]
[King chattering]
Aren't you going to
go and watch them run?
My King will be
back here in no time flat,
-isn't that right, old boy?
-Huh?
-Right?
-Oh, no.
My King will never
cross the finish line--
because it can only run
straight ahead!
Because it can
only run straight ahead!
-No!
-[groaning]
-What was that?
-This is terrible!
My King! I've
got to save my King!
-I've got to save my King!
-Wait up!
-Marie wants to race, too!
-Marie! Marie!
This is getting ridiculous!
-[robots whirring]
-[upbeat music playing]
[explosion]
[King chattering]
Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop!
Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop!
Oh, dear God,
I just realized I didn't put any
brakes on it either!
Where does this road end?
-[explosion]
-[both] The ocean!
[King chattering]
My beautiful invention!
My brand new
miniature batteries!
Huh?
[King chattering]
Stop!
[King screams, chattering]
I can't let them sink
to the bottom of the sea!
[King chattering]
[Jean screams]
Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop!
Uh...
I almost had you!
[water splashes]
[Jean] Where are the Kings?
[metal clanging]
[Jean] There they are.
What's this?
-Where did it come from?
-[metal banging]
[groans]
[garbling]
[melancholic music playing]
Jean.
What happened to Jean?
This is dreadful.
And it only happened
because of our stupidity.
I'd have been so much kinder
to him
if I'd known he'd die
like this.
We don't know what
happened to him so be quiet!
-[Jean] Hey!
-[Nadia gasps]
Hey!
-Jean!
-He's still alive!
-I wasn't worried at all!
-Jean!
-[Hanson laughs]
-[all] Jean! Jean!
Jean! Jean! Jean! Jean!
[laughs, panting]
Did you miss me?
[all laughing]
-[Hanson] Oh, a star!
-[all laugh]
[melancholic music playing]
[singing in Japanese]